  * Home (current)

  * Resources



Welcome to Coder Forge!
=======================

Coder Forge Logo For people who want to learn how
to code from people who know how to code!

What Is Coder Forge?

Knowing how to code is an extremely useful skill in
the technology driven world that we live today.
Learning how to code, on the other hand, can be a
very intimidating challenge. With that in mind, the
Coder Forge borrows the idea of the "Coder Dojo"
and applies it to adults. The objective is to
create a environment where experienced software
developers teach people who are interested in
learning how to code!

How Is It Done?

Coder Forge adapts programming learning to your
interest. Want to know how to create websites using
HTML and CSS, while adding some interactivity with
Javascript? Heard about Java and want to know what
it is about? A friend said that python is a
beginner-friendly programming language and want to
give it a try? Maybe a project is ideal for you, or
maybe you might prefer an indication for a good
book or video lessons on the subject. With Coder
Forge our members share their skills and
programming know how to make you learn how to code
in a way that works for you.

Where Do We Meet?

We meet every Tuesdays from 19h to 21h at the Brick
Alley Cafe, 25 Essex St E, Temple Bar, Dublin, D02
W560!


Want To Know More About Us?

  * [IMAGE] Find Our Meetup Group!

  * [IMAGE] Check Out Our Facebook Page!
